Dear Mr./Ms. SIDDHANT VINAY THETE Date: 2025-06-13
AICTE Student ID:  STU681bac5378e051746644051
Internship ID:  INTERNSHIP_17460816106813174acacc1
We would like to congratulate you on being selected for 4 - week Internship Program brought to you by Edunet
Foundation, on the AI Azure,  helping you build a strong base for advanced professional learning and industry-relevant
applications. The internship will commence on 11th June 2025.
During this internship, you will work individually and be assigned a mentor who will guide you to identify a solution to the
problem and develop it into a project. The internship will be providing the following benefits:
Learn and demonstrate AI and Cloud skills to enhance your employability and boost your confidence in emerging
technologies
Gain access to curated learning content through Microsoft Learn and the LMS Portal
Participate in interactive masterclasses led by industry experts
Work on real-world problem statements with hands-on practice and mentorship
Earn a Co-branded certificate with the AICTE logo, enhancing your career credentials.
The structure of the internship is as follows:
Week Topic
Week-1Introduction to the program, Registration in Microsoft Learn & LMS Portal, what is AI, Machine
Learning (ML), and Deep Learning (DL), Real-world applications of AI, Basic concepts: data, features,
labels, models, training
Week-2Supervised Vs Unsupervised, Supervised learning- Classification Hands-On, Different types of
Regressions, Supervised learning- Regression Hands-On, what is Un-Labeled Data, UnSupervised
Learning- Hands-ON
Week-3What is Gen -AI, Gen AI- Azure Pratical Demo, Image Classification- Computer Vision, Azure Custom
Visions Pratical Demo
Week-4Introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning, Deep Learning - Pratical HandsOn, Students
Hands-On, Project Demo
Criteria for certification:
Participation in weekly sessions with mentors is mandatory
Registration on MS Learn and Edunet LMS
Completion of Courses on LMS
Submission of a project presentation required
Stipend:
There will be NO stipend for this internship. If you agree to the above terms of the offer, please indicate acceptance of the
offer letter and below undertaking to the undersigned.
Sincerely,
Nagesh Singh
Chairman – Edunet Foundation   Internship Offer LetterUndertaking Agreement
I, SIDDHANT VINAY THETE , from Indian Institute of Information Technology Guwahati, Assam  who is undergoing an
internship under the Microsoft Internship brought you by Edunet Foundation, do hereby undertake the following:
1.I will be present at the weekly sessions conducted virtually, as organized by the mentor and team, to undertake the
courses assigned to me for the duration of the internship. I will communicate to the mentor and team should there be any
reason or inability to be present.
2.I will communicate regularly with the said mentor on the courses' progress.
3.I declare that I will ensure the timely submission of the project and will deliver a presentation within the stipulated time to
complete the internship and earn a certificate.
4.I will adhere to and maintain the decorum of weekly sessions conducted virtually and will not be involved in any
disciplinary practice during the same and abide by ethical standards followed by Edunet Foundation.
5.I declare that my internship with Edunet Foundation shall be terminated at any stage on the grounds of:
  Absenteeism from masterclasses and mentor-led sessions
  Not in touch with mentor or team
  Not reachable by Edunet Foundation
6.I further declare that my internship shall be terminated forthwith at any stage, misbehaviour, inciting hatred, indiscipline,
habitual insubordination etc. or on grounds of misconduct etc. as came to the notice of Edunet Foundation.
Name: SIDDHANT VINAY THETE
Institute:  Indian Institute of Information Technology Guwahati, Assam
AICTE Student ID:  STU681bac5378e051746644051
Internship ID:  INTERNSHIP_17460816106813174acacc1
Internship Title:  AI Azure
Telegram Group Link:  https://t.me/+SC4LksUyIgA5ZmM1?
Telegram Group Name:  MS - AICTE Internship - June 2025
Student's Gmail ID:  siddhant.v.thete855@gmail.com